AP Will recover by a set amount each turn, but can be increased by certain actions

Every encounter starts with 0 AP on both sides; but if one side surprises the other, they get 5 AP.

Before an encounter, get chance to surprise; rolls a dice if successful? but if you fail, the enemy gets 5 AP...
-- It's hard to add gameplay to a text based game that isnt chance and strategy-- but it does at least add some risk
and reward behavior, based on player health etc.



DEFENSE:
1. Defense is based on an entity's health. The philosophy is that larger, bulkier entities can defend better and more
than smaller ones. This also incentivizes tank builds to go all-out tank at the expense of other stats.
--- IN IMPLEMENTATION
    1. Temporary defense value is increased by the defend action.
    2. The base gain is determined by the defense stat of the entity. Better defenders get a bigger one time gain.
    3. The half life value is determined by health; essentially, the more health you have, the more times you can defend
    effectively.
Numbers:
- Base gain of defense will be 1.5x defense stat rounded down // can change
- Half life value will be determined by 5% of max health // can change
- FORMULA:  gain = (defense * 1.5) / (1 + (currentTemp/HalfLife))

2. Defense and temp defense both go into defending the player, but additively. Armor will have relatively low defense
additions, which encourages using defense against strong enemies but allows dealing quickly with weak ones. Armor will
also have a defense efficiency stat, which reduce the amount of AP defending takes, so you can defend more easily.

3. One day, I will do something more interesting with defense to prevent full 0 damage; a curve, for example. But not
yet. // TODO


ROOMS:
- ENEMY APPEARANCE
1. Enemy appearance starts at a baseline of the base chance, and every subsequent enemy decreases the chance (based on
the difficulty of the floor of the dungeon).
Numbers:
- FORMULA: chance = (baseChance) / (1 + ((baseChance x numEnemies) / floorDifficulty))